c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\YTP.WindowsUI.exe
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\YTP.WindowsUI.deps.json
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\YTP.WindowsUI.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\YTP.WindowsUI.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\YTP.WindowsUI.pdb
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\AngleSharp.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\Microsoft.Bcl.AsyncInterfaces.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\Microsoft.Extensions.ObjectPool.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\SixLabors.ImageSharp.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\System.ComponentModel.Composition.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\System.ComponentModel.Composition.Registration.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\System.Data.Odbc.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\System.Data.OleDb.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\System.Data.SqlClient.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\System.DirectoryServices.AccountManagement.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\System.DirectoryServices.Protocols.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\System.IO.Ports.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\System.Management.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\System.Private.ServiceModel.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\System.Reflection.Context.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\System.Runtime.Caching.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\System.ServiceModel.Duplex.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\System.ServiceModel.Http.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\System.ServiceModel.NetTcp.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\System.ServiceModel.Primitives.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\System.ServiceModel.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\System.ServiceModel.Security.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\System.ServiceModel.Syndication.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\System.ServiceProcess.ServiceController.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\System.Speech.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\System.Web.Services.Description.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\TagLibSharp.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\YoutubeExplode.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\cs\System.Private.ServiceModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\de\System.Private.ServiceModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\es\System.Private.ServiceModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\fr\System.Private.ServiceModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\it\System.Private.ServiceModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\ja\System.Private.ServiceModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\ko\System.Private.ServiceModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\pl\System.Private.ServiceModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\pt-BR\System.Private.ServiceModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\ru\System.Private.ServiceModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\tr\System.Private.ServiceModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\zh-Hans\System.Private.ServiceModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\zh-Hant\System.Private.ServiceModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\cs\System.Web.Services.Description.resources.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\de\System.Web.Services.Description.resources.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\es\System.Web.Services.Description.resources.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\fr\System.Web.Services.Description.resources.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\it\System.Web.Services.Description.resources.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\ja\System.Web.Services.Description.resources.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\ko\System.Web.Services.Description.resources.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\pl\System.Web.Services.Description.resources.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\pt-BR\System.Web.Services.Description.resources.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\ru\System.Web.Services.Description.resources.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\tr\System.Web.Services.Description.resources.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\zh-Hans\System.Web.Services.Description.resources.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\zh-Hant\System.Web.Services.Description.resources.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\runtimes\android-arm\native\libSystem.IO.Ports.Native.so
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\runtimes\android-arm64\native\libSystem.IO.Ports.Native.so
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\runtimes\android-x64\native\libSystem.IO.Ports.Native.so
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\runtimes\android-x86\native\libSystem.IO.Ports.Native.so
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\runtimes\linux-arm\native\libSystem.IO.Ports.Native.so
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\runtimes\linux-arm64\native\libSystem.IO.Ports.Native.so
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\runtimes\linux-bionic-arm64\native\libSystem.IO.Ports.Native.so
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\runtimes\linux-bionic-x64\native\libSystem.IO.Ports.Native.so
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\runtimes\linux-musl-arm\native\libSystem.IO.Ports.Native.so
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\runtimes\linux-musl-arm64\native\libSystem.IO.Ports.Native.so
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\runtimes\linux-musl-x64\native\libSystem.IO.Ports.Native.so
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\runtimes\linux-x64\native\libSystem.IO.Ports.Native.so
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\runtimes\maccatalyst-arm64\native\libSystem.IO.Ports.Native.dylib
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\runtimes\maccatalyst-x64\native\libSystem.IO.Ports.Native.dylib
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\runtimes\osx-arm64\native\libSystem.IO.Ports.Native.dylib
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\runtimes\osx-x64\native\libSystem.IO.Ports.Native.dylib
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\runtimes\win-arm64\native\sni.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\runtimes\win-x64\native\sni.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\runtimes\win-x86\native\sni.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\runtimes\unix\lib\net9.0\System.Data.Odbc.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\runtimes\win\lib\net9.0\System.Data.Odbc.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\runtimes\win\lib\net9.0\System.Data.OleDb.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\runtimes\unix\lib\netcoreapp2.1\System.Data.SqlClient.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\runtimes\win\lib\netcoreapp2.1\System.Data.SqlClient.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\runtimes\win\lib\net9.0\System.DirectoryServices.AccountManagement.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\runtimes\linux\lib\net9.0\System.DirectoryServices.Protocols.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\runtimes\osx\lib\net9.0\System.DirectoryServices.Protocols.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\runtimes\win\lib\net9.0\System.DirectoryServices.Protocols.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\runtimes\unix\lib\net9.0\System.IO.Ports.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\runtimes\win\lib\net9.0\System.IO.Ports.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\runtimes\win\lib\net9.0\System.Management.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\runtimes\win\lib\net9.0\System.Runtime.Caching.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\runtimes\win\lib\net9.0\System.ServiceProcess.ServiceController.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\runtimes\win\lib\net9.0\System.Speech.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\YTP.Core.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\YTP.Core.pdb
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\obj\Debug\net9.0-windows\YTP.WindowsUI.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\obj\Debug\net9.0-windows\MainWindow.baml
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\obj\Debug\net9.0-windows\SettingsWindow.baml
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\obj\Debug\net9.0-windows\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\obj\Debug\net9.0-windows\SettingsWindow.g.cs
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\obj\Debug\net9.0-windows\App.g.cs
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\obj\Debug\net9.0-windows\YTP.WindowsUI_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\obj\Debug\net9.0-windows\YTP.WindowsUI.g.resources
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\obj\Debug\net9.0-windows\YTP.WindowsUI.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\obj\Debug\net9.0-windows\YTP.WindowsUI.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\obj\Debug\net9.0-windows\YTP.WindowsUI.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\obj\Debug\net9.0-windows\YTP.WindowsUI.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\obj\Debug\net9.0-windows\YTP.Wind.B52A1DF5.Up2Date
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\obj\Debug\net9.0-windows\YTP.WindowsUI.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\obj\Debug\net9.0-windows\refint\YTP.WindowsUI.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\obj\Debug\net9.0-windows\YTP.WindowsUI.pdb
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\obj\Debug\net9.0-windows\YTP.WindowsUI.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\obj\Debug\net9.0-windows\ref\YTP.WindowsUI.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\Wpf.Ui.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\Wpf.Ui.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\Wpf.Ui.pdb
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\Wpf.Ui.xml
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\Wpf.Ui.Abstractions.pdb
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\Wpf.Ui.Abstractions.xml
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\obj\Debug\net9.0-windows\App.baml
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\obj\Debug\net9.0-windows\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\obj\Debug\net9.0-windows\YTP.WindowsUI_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\obj\Debug\net9.0-windows\QueueWindow.baml
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\src\YTP.WindowsUI\obj\Debug\net9.0-windows\QueueWindow.g.cs
