c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\tools\DownloadTest\obj\Debug\net7.0\DownloadTest.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\tools\DownloadTest\obj\Debug\net7.0\DownloadTest.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\tools\DownloadTest\obj\Debug\net7.0\DownloadTest.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\tools\DownloadTest\obj\Debug\net7.0\DownloadTest.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\tools\DownloadTest\obj\Debug\net7.0\DownloadTest.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\tools\DownloadTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\DownloadTest.exe
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\tools\DownloadTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\DownloadTest.deps.json
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\tools\DownloadTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\DownloadTest.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\tools\DownloadTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\DownloadTest.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\tools\DownloadTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\DownloadTest.pdb
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\tools\DownloadTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\AngleSharp.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\tools\DownloadTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\tools\DownloadTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.Bcl.AsyncInterfaces.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\tools\DownloadTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\tools\DownloadTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\SixLabors.ImageSharp.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\tools\DownloadTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\System.IO.Pipelines.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\tools\DownloadTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\System.Text.Encodings.Web.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\tools\DownloadTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\System.Text.Json.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\tools\DownloadTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\TagLibSharp.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\tools\DownloadTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\YoutubeExplode.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\tools\DownloadTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\YTP.Core.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\tools\DownloadTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\YTP.Core.pdb
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\tools\DownloadTest\obj\Debug\net7.0\Download.F7CE996E.Up2Date
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\tools\DownloadTest\obj\Debug\net7.0\DownloadTest.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\tools\DownloadTest\obj\Debug\net7.0\refint\DownloadTest.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\tools\DownloadTest\obj\Debug\net7.0\DownloadTest.pdb
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\tools\DownloadTest\obj\Debug\net7.0\DownloadTest.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\tools\DownloadTest\obj\Debug\net7.0\ref\DownloadTest.dll
