c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\tools\FetchMetaApp\bin\Debug\net7.0\FetchMetaApp.exe
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\tools\FetchMetaApp\bin\Debug\net7.0\FetchMetaApp.deps.json
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\tools\FetchMetaApp\bin\Debug\net7.0\FetchMetaApp.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\tools\FetchMetaApp\bin\Debug\net7.0\FetchMetaApp.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\tools\FetchMetaApp\bin\Debug\net7.0\FetchMetaApp.pdb
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\tools\FetchMetaApp\bin\Debug\net7.0\AngleSharp.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\tools\FetchMetaApp\bin\Debug\net7.0\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\tools\FetchMetaApp\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.Bcl.AsyncInterfaces.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\tools\FetchMetaApp\bin\Debug\net7.0\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\tools\FetchMetaApp\bin\Debug\net7.0\SixLabors.ImageSharp.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\tools\FetchMetaApp\bin\Debug\net7.0\System.IO.Pipelines.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\tools\FetchMetaApp\bin\Debug\net7.0\System.Text.Encodings.Web.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\tools\FetchMetaApp\bin\Debug\net7.0\System.Text.Json.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\tools\FetchMetaApp\bin\Debug\net7.0\TagLibSharp.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\tools\FetchMetaApp\bin\Debug\net7.0\YoutubeExplode.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\tools\FetchMetaApp\bin\Debug\net7.0\YTP.Core.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\tools\FetchMetaApp\bin\Debug\net7.0\YTP.Core.pdb
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\tools\FetchMetaApp\obj\Debug\net7.0\FetchMetaApp.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\tools\FetchMetaApp\obj\Debug\net7.0\FetchMetaApp.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\tools\FetchMetaApp\obj\Debug\net7.0\FetchMetaApp.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\tools\FetchMetaApp\obj\Debug\net7.0\FetchMetaApp.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\tools\FetchMetaApp\obj\Debug\net7.0\FetchMetaApp.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\tools\FetchMetaApp\obj\Debug\net7.0\FetchMet.02CCE887.Up2Date
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\tools\FetchMetaApp\obj\Debug\net7.0\FetchMetaApp.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\tools\FetchMetaApp\obj\Debug\net7.0\refint\FetchMetaApp.dll
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\tools\FetchMetaApp\obj\Debug\net7.0\FetchMetaApp.pdb
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\tools\FetchMetaApp\obj\Debug\net7.0\FetchMetaApp.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\nasse\OneDrive\Dev\Programs\ytp\github copilot\tools\FetchMetaApp\obj\Debug\net7.0\ref\FetchMetaApp.dll
